The Google search list suggestions mostly shows me results according to my search activity and the most searched results on google. 
For example, when I wrote down ‘Introduction to text,’ it continued with ‘analysis’ automatically on the top of the list. 
Further suggestions were ‘text editor,’ ‘text encoding,’ ‘text mining,’ ‘textbook.’ Etc.
As for Bing.com, it was showing similar results, not in that particular order obviously, along with some other suggestions like ‘textile,’ ‘textile fibers.’
DuckDuckGo.com was another story altogether, because its search sugesstion list was quite different from the other two search engines. 
The top two searches were ‘Introduction to textile’ and ‘textile industry.’ 
Still, I noticed that as I went further down along the list, it completely ignored the word ‘text.’ 
And continued with ‘test,’ ‘testing instruments,’ ‘next-generation sequence,’ and ‘geography textbook,’ which was very odd.
In all three of them, Google showed the most accurate results, which were more to my liking. 
Mainly because my Gmail account is linked with every social account I use and is logged in to various websites I’m subscribed to, so it follows my activities.
And being on top of all the search engines list, it has more data and trending stuff. 
When putting in the entire phrase ‘introduction to text analysis’ and hitting the search button, all engines showed almost the same results. 
There were not many differences in the website that they were offering.
https://guides.library.duke.edu/text_analysis
https://monkeylearn.com/text-analysis/
These two sites were listed on top of all three search engines. 
http://www.analytictech.com/mb870/Handouts/intro2text.htm
https://www.mit.edu/~rnielsen/intro_text_slides_2016.pdf
https://www.slideshare.net/laurenfklein/introduction-to-text-analysis
These three were not listed in the particular order but are the ones which were similar in all the engines.
SEO and website Ranking plays a big part in showing the search results.
When someone performs a search, search engines source their index for highly relevant content and then order that content in the hopes of solving the searcher’s query.
In SEO, not all search engines are equal.
Google has the largest market share, but how important is it to optimize for Bing, DuckDuckGo and others?
The truth is that despite the existence of more than 30 major web search engine, the SEO community really only pays attention to Google.
Why?
The short answer is that Google is where the vast majority of people search the web.
Suppose we include Google Images, Google Maps and YouTube (all properties of Google), more than 90% of web searches happen on Google.
That’s nearly 20 times Bing and DuckDuckGo combined.
